[Platform] Introduce asynchronous jobs and move MiniMax polling out of the result converter (#2408)
symfony/ai: docs/components/platform.rst

* `PDF Input with GPT`_
* `PDF Input with Claude`_

Asynchronous Jobs
-----------------

Some work cannot be answered in the same request it was asked for: video generation runs for minutes,
and several providers offer asynchronous or batch endpoints that accept a request now and produce the
result later. Those providers answer the invocation with a job identifier, so ``invoke()`` returns a
:class:`Symfony\\AI\\Platform\\Result\\JobResult` whose content is a
:class:`Symfony\\AI\\Platform\\Job\\JobHandle`::

    $handle = $platform->invoke('MiniMax-Hailuo-02', new Text('A cat playing the piano'), [
        'duration' => 6,
    ])->asJob();

The handle holds no connection and no client, only what is needed to ask the provider about that job
again — so it can be stored and picked up somewhere else entirely::

    // in the process that started the job
    $repository->save($id, json_encode($handle));

    // in a worker, possibly much later

>     $handle = JobHandle::fromArray(json_decode($repository->load($id), true));

Reviewer: feels like we can shift the json handling from userland to lib level or is there a blocker?

```suggestion
    $repository->save($handle); // with `JobHandle` having an ID?

    // in a worker, possibly much later
    $handle = $repository->load($id);
```
